Add some shortcode infos to contribute.md (#939)
contao/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

### Short code notice

> The notice shortcode shows 4 types of disclaimers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `notice` shortcode allows you to display 4 different types of disclaimers.
```

#### Note

```
{{% notice note %}}
A notice disclaimer
{{% /notice %}}
```

#### Info

```
{{% notice info %}}
An information disclaimer
{{% /notice %}}
```

#### Tip

```
{{% notice tip %}}
A tip disclaimer
{{% /notice %}}
```

#### Warning

```
{{% notice warning %}}
A warning disclaimer
{{% /notice %}}
```

### Short code tabs

> Choose which content to see across the page. Very handy for providing code snippets for multiple languages or 

Reviewer: > Choose which content to see across the page.

Not quite sure what you mean by that? The short code tab allows you to group content into tabs.

Author: Just using the original description from https://learn.netlify.app/en/shortcodes/tabs/
Will fix that ...

Author: Done
